d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.exe.config
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.exe.manifest
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.application
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.exe
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.pdb
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\Awesomium.Core.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\Awesomium.Windows.Controls.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\Awesomium.Core.xml
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\Awesomium.Windows.Controls.xml
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\awesomium.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\icudt.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\avcodec-53.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\avformat-53.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\avutil-51.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\libEGL.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\libGLESv2.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\awesomium_process
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\inspector.pak
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\bin\Release\xinput9_1_0.dll
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\App.g.cs
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.g.resources
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.exe.manifest
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.application
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.exe
d:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.pdb
D:\KnoxehDesktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnoxehChatWPF\KnoxehChatWPF\obj\Release\KnoxehChatWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
